Plugin for Vite (#1294)
mainmatter/ember-test-selectors: README.md

  component classes for production builds

More information on why that is useful are available on our
[blog](https://mainmatter.com/blog/2017/11/17/ember-test-selectors-road-to-1-0/)!

Compatibility
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- Classic Ember apps: Ember 3.8 or above, Ember CLI 3.8 or above
- Embroider+Vite apps: Ember 3.28 or above, Ember CLI 4.12 or above
- Node.js 18 or above

Installation in a Classic Ember app
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Install and use `ember-test-selectors` addon:

```bash
ember install ember-test-selectors
```

See the [addon configuration in the dedicated README](https://github.com/mainmatter/ember-test-selectors/blob/master/ember-test-selectors/README.md).

Installation in an Embroider+Vite app
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> It's recommended to install and configure `strip-test-selectors` Babel plugin directly. (You can install and use `ember-test-selectors` classic addon, but `@embroider/compat` will have to rewrite it to maintain the compatibility with Vite, and this step has a performance cost.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended to install and configure `strip-test-selectors` AST Transform directly. (You can install and use `ember-test-selectors` classic addon, but `@embroider/compat` will have to rewrite it to maintain the compatibility with Vite, and this step has a performance cost.)
```

Reviewer: yes we configure this in the babel config but it's actually an AST transform plugin for `babel-plugin-ember-template-compilation`

Reviewer: I wrote this comment before I got to the whole README of the plugin, I didn't realise we had JS plugins too 🙈 🫠

Author: I see a place where I can include this precision though 👍

even if the app that uses the addon does not use ember-test-selectors itself.

License
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ember-test-selectors is developed by and &copy;
[Mainmatter GmbH](http://mainmatter.com) and contributors. It is released under the

> [MIT License](https://github.com/mainmatter/ember-test-selectors/blob/master/LICENSE).

Reviewer: so it looks like you deleted the top-level LICENCE file but we're linking to it here? 🤔 maybe leave the top level one?

Author: I deleted the low-level LICENSE in `ember-test-selectors/ember-test-selectors` and now all the READMEs are pointing to the top level one.
